well folks coming back here then i will
show a really cool application to
you that is exactly what the phone is
clean account with a link is here
below the subscription of this video in the
youtube you click on you will see him
it's very easy also you should connect
the cable on your iphone and ipad is important
which were positive for others
You use there what you have made of apple.
ok I have not tested with other products and
works if you have android and tested
it works
leave your comment below in this
video but here he is speaking here he
works only with iphone ipad and
important will connect usb then in your
iphone on your mac or computer and here
it will look for a space that is
being used
ok in case it has 39 points 0 7 gigabytes
being used in only 20 free
again showing the ability and
shows how much the example I have
that 33 percent of free space on my
and we will give a scania nothing to
wonder and will see how much space
used in useless things in things
that they do not need to have in my
iphone is very good for who owns
iphone in major loss of 16 gigs and
does not have much space is very humble
very useful if you use this application
for you to free up space in your neighborhood
and there is that one then showed more or
least how much space is in my
iphone and unusable she's only here
There are 39 44 to 40 megs here megabytes of
useless things from my mobile
applications is anything else
so if you click here now that
won click on clinton to whom he goes
clean and the memory of your iphone ipad or
the hypothesis of these things that are not
necessary will take ok only takes up a space
here with it asks you to share
because so many doctors have to
share the here only then is that
To like facebook on facebook, it was already
Finish cleaning your iphone
Okay, so this is the tip I got to
you today is this you clean your iphone
barry this space and does not have
need
and then you can download more movies
music and games applications what was in the
Your dad 's gonna be okay, so this is it.
personal said liked the video I liked
add your favorites and give you a lot
has no idea share in their networks
campaigns in twitter on the street
com suffer general and access the console site
it was generally a big hug guys
It was good and bad.